Funny Grape Ladybug

High

# Contract Locks Ether Without a Withdraw Function

## Summary
The `AirdropRecipient` contract accepts Ether through the `requestAirdrop` function but does not include a function to withdraw Ether from the contract. This lack of a withdrawal mechanism results in Ether being locked in the contract indefinitely.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `AirdropRecipient` contract has a `payable` function named `requestAirdrop` that allows it to accept Ether. However, there is no corresponding public or external function implemented that allows for the withdrawal of Ether. This means that once Ether is sent to the contract, it cannot be recovered or used by anyone.

## Impact
- **Locked Ether:** Any Ether sent to the contract cannot be withdrawn or utilized. This results in funds being effectively trapped in the contract.
- **Operational Difficulties:** The inability to withdraw Ether can lead to operational challenges if the contract or its owner needs to manage or recover the Ether.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/utils/AirdropRecipient.sol#L85C5-L93C6

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To resolve this issue, implement a function that allows for the withdrawal of Ether from the contract. This will enable the contract owner to manage or reclaim any Ether sent to the contract.

For example:

```solidity
/**
 * Allows the contract owner to withdraw Ether from the contract.
 *
 * @param amount The amount of Ether to withdraw
 */
function withdraw(uint256 amount) external onlyOwner {
    require(amount <= address(this).balance, "Insufficient balance");
    payable(owner()).transfer(amount);
}

```