Amateur Cornflower Fish

Medium

# If a collection has been shutdown but later re-initialized, it cannot be shutdown again

## Summary
If a collection has been shutdown, it can later be re-initialized for use in the protocol again. But any attempts to shut it down again will fail due to a varaible not being reset when the first shutdown is made.
## Vulnerability Detail
When a collection's shutdown has collected `>= quorum` votes, the admin can initiate the [execution of shutdown](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/utils/CollectionShutdown.sol#L231-L275) which essentially sunsets the collection from the locker and lists all the NFTs in a sudoswap pool so owners of the collection token can later claim their share of the sale proceeds.

When the call to [`sunsetCollection()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/Locker.sol#L409-L427) in `Locker.sol` is made, it deletes both the `_collectionToken` and `collectionInitialized` mappings' entries so that the collection can later be re-registered and initialized if there is interest:

```solidity
    // Delete our underlying token, then no deposits or actions can be made
    delete _collectionToken[_collection];

    // Remove our `collectionInitialized` flag
    delete collectionInitialized[_collection];
```

The issue is that nowhere during the shutdown process is the `params.shutdownVotes` variable reset back to 0. The only way for it to decrease is if a user reclaims their vote, but then the shutdown won't finalize at all. In normal circumstances, the variable is [checked against]((https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/utils/CollectionShutdown.sol#L141)) to ensure it is 0 before starting a collection shutdown, in order to prevent starting 2 simulteaneous shutdowns of the same collection.

```solidity
    if (params.shutdownVotes != 0) revert ShutdownProcessAlreadyStarted();
```

Thus, since it is never reset back to 0 when the shutdown is executed, if the collection is later re-initialized into the protocol and an attempt to shutdown again is made, the call to `start()` will revert on this line.
## Impact
A collection that has been shutdown and later re-initialized can never be shutdown again.
## Code Snippet
```solidity
    if (params.shutdownVotes != 0) revert ShutdownProcessAlreadyStarted();
```
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Reset variable back to 0 when all users have claimed their tokens and the process of shutting down a collection is completely finished.