Melodic Pickle Goose

Medium

# Starting a collection shutdown can be DOSed

### Summary

Starting a collection shutdown collection can easily be DOSed.


### Root Cause

Before a collection is shut down, it's checked if there are more than 4 CollectionTokens of that collection in circulation (`totalSupply()` > 4e18)
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/utils/CollectionShutdown.sol#L147
```solidity
    function start(address _collection) public whenNotPaused {
        // Confirm that this collection is not prevented from being shutdown
        if (shutdownPrevented[_collection]) revert ShutdownPrevented();

        // Ensure that a shutdown process is not already actioned
        CollectionShutdownParams memory params = _collectionParams[_collection];
        if (params.shutdownVotes != 0) revert ShutdownProcessAlreadyStarted();

        // Get the total number of tokens still in circulation, specifying a maximum number
        // of tokens that can be present in a "dormant" collection.
        params.collectionToken = locker.collectionToken(_collection);
        uint totalSupply = params.collectionToken.totalSupply();
→       if (totalSupply > MAX_SHUTDOWN_TOKENS * 10 ** params.collectionToken.denomination()) revert TooManyItems();
    }
```

Which can easily be DOSed by a user who can front-run a call the `start()` function, deposit NFTs to the **Locker** so they get minted CollectionTokens and increase the supply so the `start()` call reverts and then back-run the transaction to redeem the CollectionTokens and get their NFTs back without risking anything.


### Internal pre-conditions

Have a collection with low liquidity and little to no interest that the users/protocol intends to shut down.


### External pre-conditions

Attacker must own enough NFTs of the collection that's being shut down.


### Attack Path

1. There's a collection with a total supply of < 4e18 CollectionTokens (assuming `denomination` of the CollectionToken is 0). A user or the protocol initiates a call to **CollectionShutdown**#`start()`.
2. A malicious actor (Candice) sees that and deposits `5 - current CollectionToken total supply rounded up and with 0 precision`  NFTs to the **Locker**. (For example, there are 3e18 CollectionTokens in circulation, Candice will need to deposit 5-3 = 2 NFTs)
3. Candice is minted enough CollectionTokens so that the `start()` call reverts because of the `if` clause on L147.
4. Candice calls `redeem()` on the **Locker** in a back-run transaction to burn her CollectionTokens and get the NFTs back.

### Impact

Shutting a collection down can effectively be made impossible for as long as an attacker likes.


### PoC

See **Attack Path**.


### Mitigation

## Mitigation
Signal the intention to shut down a collection to the other contracts – **Listings**, **ProtectedListings** and **Locker** that a collection is going to be shut down earlier so they restrict access to functionalities that increase the CollectionToken's `totalSupply()`.
