Cool Smoke Seagull

Medium

# protectedListings.createCheckpoint calculation is incorrect as listingCount for a collection accounting is incorrect.

## Summary

Whenever  function createListings/cancelListings/fillListings is called in Listings contract, those function calls protectedListings.createCheckpoint to update checkpoint(i.e checkpoint’s  compoundedFactor) for a collection. This compoundedFactor is calculated based on  _utilizationRate and this  _utilizationRate is calculated based on the count of active listings of the collection. But here  the count of active listings(a collection’s) is only accounted for ProtectedListings contract. , it doesn't consider  the count of active listings for a collection of contract Listings.

## root cause
When calculating checkpoint,the count of active listings is only accounted for ProtectedListings contract but it doesn't consider  the count of active listings for a collection of contract Listings for a collection.


## Vulnerability Detail
1.  Let’s assume a collection’s active listingCount = 100 in the Listings contract.

2. The same collection(mentioned in step 1) active listingCount = 10 in the ProtectedListings contract.

3. Whenever  function createListings/cancelListings/fillListings is called in Listings contract, those function calls protectedListings.createCheckpoint to update checkpoint(i.e checkpoint’s  compoundedFactor) for a collection. This compoundedFactor is calculated based on  _utilizationRate and this  _utilizationRate is calculated based on the count of active listings of the collection. But here  the count of active listings i.e 10(a collection’s) is only accounted for ProtectedListings contract. , it doesn't consider  the count of active listings i.e 100  for a collection of contract Listings.
 

## Impact
 checkpoint’s  compoundedFactor of a collection will be incorrect.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L162
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
consider both contract(i.e  ProtectedListings contract and Listings contract) count of active listings for a collection when calculating _utilizationRate in ProtectedListings contract.

