Cool Smoke Seagull

Medium

# When the  function relist is called, it doesn't consider if the collection’s tokeid has been internally mapped as a liquidation.

## Summary

When a collection’s tokenid is listed for liquidation, then  it doesn't require any tax to be paid.so when the function fillListings/  function reserve is called it doesn't take fees and doesn't refund if the tokenid is listed for liquidation. But when the  function relist is called it takes fees and refund   if the tokenid is listed for liquidation. As a result, now there willbe always less fees for other listing tokenids of a collection(the tokeind which are not for liquidation) in the Listings contract. When the  function fillListings is called for the last tokeind (of a collection) to fill, it may revert as there are less fees to transfer feecollecter in the Listings contract.  

## Vulnerability Detail
1.  Let’s assume, a tokenid of a collection is listed for liquidation with the function createLiquidationListing by the ProtectedListings contract. Here listing.duration = 4days and listing.floorMultiple = 400 for this tokenid.

2. The function relist is called to relist this tokenid.

3.  See the function relist, as there is no check that fees and refund should be bypassed for liquidation listing tokenid, so fees will be sent to feecollecter contract from the listings contract.if the tokenid is relist before 4 days after listing for liquidation, then listing owner is also refunded.

4. Now  there will be always less fees for other listing tokenids of a collection(the tokeind which are not for liquidation) in the Listings contract. When the  function fillListings is called for the last tokeind (of a collection) to fill, it may revert as there are less fees to transfer feecollecter in the Listings contract.  


## Impact
there willbe always less fees for other listing tokenids of a collection(the tokeind which are not for liquidation) in the Listings contract. When the  function fillListings is called for the last tokeind (of a collection) to fill, it may revert as there are less fees to transfer feecollecter in the Listings contract.  

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L644
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
when the  function relist is called, don’t take fees and don’t refund  if the tokenid is listed for liquidation.
