Cool Smoke Seagull

Medium

# A collection’s tokenid can be liquidated unfairly in the ProtectedListings contract.

## Summary
A user can decrease the debt of a tokenid by calling the function adjustPosition so that tokenid doesn't go for liquidation. When the ProtectedListings contract is paused, the user can’t decrease the debt. During the contract's pausing, if users tokenid’s  debt becomes greater than  MAX_PROTECTED_TOKEN_AMOUNT, the user can’t decrease the debt. When the contract is unpaused a liquidator can frontrun the user’s  function adjustPosition calling(to decrease debt) and liquidate the tokeind which is unfair.


## root cause
modifier lockerNotPaused is used in the function adjustPosition.

## Vulnerability Detail
1. Let’s assume, Alice has listed a tokenid of a collection in the ProtectedListings contract. The tokenid’s debt = 0.90, Available collateral to withdraw = 0.95-0.90 = 0.5.
 
2. Then the ProtectedListings contract is paused for a long time.

3. Now alice’s tokenid’s debt becomes 0.96 and it becomes liquidable.
 
4. Alice wants to decrease debt by calling the  function adjustPosition, but it is not possible as there is lockerNotPaused modifier in the  function adjustPosition.
 
6. Now the ProtectedListings contract is unpaused and before calling alice  the  function adjustPosition to decrease debt for this tokenid, a liquidator/attacker calls the   function liquidateProtectedListing for this tokenid and liquidate the tokenid which is unfair for alice.



## Impact
A collection’s tokenid can be liquidated unfairly in the ProtectedListings contract.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/ProtectedListings.sol#L366
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
remove the modifier lockerNotPaused from the function adjustPosition.

