Skinny Coconut Parrot

High

# User's collection tokens may be locked in the `CollectionShutdown.sol` contract if the shutdown process is canceled.

### Summary

When the shutdown process is canceled, the votes will not be returned to the voters. Voters need to manually invoke the `reclaimVote` function to remove their votes and get their tokens back. In `reclaimVote`, voter's votes will be subtracted from the `CollectionShutdownParams.shutdownVotes` ([`CollectionShutdown.sol:369`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/utils/CollectionShutdown.sol#L369)). However, the subtraction operation will underflow and revert as the `params.shutdownVotes` is set to 0 in the `cancel` function([`CollectionShutdown.sol:403`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/utils/CollectionShutdown.sol#L403)).

```solidity
// Function: reclaimVote()

359:    CollectionShutdownParams storage params = _collectionParams[_collection];
        ...
369:    params.shutdownVotes -= uint96(userVotes);
```


```solidity
// Function: cancel()

403:    delete _collectionParams[_collection];
```

### Root Cause

In [`CollectionShutdown.sol:403`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/utils/CollectionShutdown.sol#L403), the `shutdownVotes` is reset to 0 which will prevent voters from reclaiming their votes.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. The total supply of the collection token has dropped below the shutdown threshold, and someone starts a shutdown process.
2. Alice votes for the shutdown process.
3. The total supply of the token has risen above the threshold, and the shutdown process is canceled.
4. Alice attempts to remove her votes and get her tokens back by invoking the `reclaimVote` function, but the function reverts.

### Impact

If the shutdown process is canceled, voter's tokens may be locked in the `CollectionShutdown.sol` contract until the shutdown process is started again and executed.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

One possible solution is to track those users who vote for the collection's shutdown process, and when the shutdown process is canceled, revoke their votes and return their tokens.