Lone Chartreuse Alpaca

High

# Checkpoint is Updated Before a Change In Utilization Rate When Creating a Protected Listing

### Summary

When creating a protected listing, the checkpoint is updated before any change in the utilization rate, thus storing the wrong compounded factor at the current timestamp, this further leads to pointing the listings to a wrong checkpoint.


### Root Cause

Whenever there is a change in the utilization rate of a collection, [ProtectedListings::_createCheckpoint](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/ProtectedListings.sol#L530-L572) is invoked to compute and update the stored compounded factor at the given timestamp.
But when creating a protected listing via [ProtectedListings::createListings](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/ProtectedListings.sol#L117-L156) function, [_createCheckpoint](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/ProtectedListings.sol#L530-L572) is called to update the collections compounded factor at the current timestamp, but this action is done before new collection tokens are minted, thus computing using the wrong utilization rate at that timestamp. This in turn results in an increase in the interest accrued by the listings.

For example, suppose the user amount taken is 10 and the compound factor is updated with the prior utilization rate as 1.11 instead of 1.12, which would be the factor after new collateral tokens are minted, when computing the new user balance plus fee when the factor is at 1.2: 
10 * 1.2/1.11 ==> 10.810 will be the new balance plus interest instead of 10 * 1.2/1.12 ==> 10.714 
making users always pay more interest than they should.

Note that the more collection tokenIds listed the higher the effect, as all the listed tokenIds will be pointing to the wrongly computed checkpoint.

Also the higher the change in utilization rate the higher the effect, for e.g 10% before createLIstings call to 50% utilization rate after the call.


### Internal pre-conditions

None

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

None

### Impact


Users will pay more interest than they should whenever they create a protected listing via [ProtectedListings::createListings](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/ProtectedListings.sol#L117-L156) function



### PoC

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/ProtectedListings.sol#L117-L156

### Mitigation

should update the checkpoint after the new tokens have been minted.
This should be done at the end of [_depositNftsAndReceiveTokens](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/ProtectedListings.sol#L165-L186) function, after the tokenids have been deposited into the Locker contract.
