Faithful Plum Robin

Medium

# Listings Contract will erroneously attempt to deposit fees and issue refunds when relisting a liquidated listing

### Summary

The lack of checks for liquidated listings in the relist function will cause incorrect fee deposits and refund attempts for the protocol as the Listings contract will process fees and refunds for already liquidated listings, which should not have associated fees.

### Root Cause

The root cause of this issue lies in the relist function of the Listings contract. This function does not differentiate between regular listings and liquidated listings when relisting and processing fees and refunds.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L625-L672
```solidity
(uint _fees,) = _resolveListingTax(oldListing, _collection, true);
if (_fees != 0) {
    emit ListingFeeCaptured(_collection, _tokenId, _fees);
}
```

This code attempts to calculate and process a tax refund for the existing listing, without checking if it's a liquidated listing. For liquidated listings, there should be no tax to refund as they were created without any associated fees. It also attempts to deposit fee to the locker. 

Unlike the relisting process, the reserve and fill functions properly handle liquidation cases by checking the _isLiquidation flag, for example in the reserve function:
```solidity
if (!_isLiquidation[_collection][_tokenId]) {
    (uint _fees,) = _resolveListingTax(oldListing, _collection, true);
    if (_fees != 0) {
        emit ListingFeeCaptured(_collection, _tokenId, _fees);
    }
}
```

### Internal pre-conditions

A protected listing needs to be liquidated, creating a liquidation listing.


### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

A protected listing is liquidated, creating a liquidation listing with no associated fees.
1. An actor calls the relist function for this liquidated listing.
2. The relist function calls _resolveListingTax, which calculates fees and refunds without considering the listing's liquidated status.
3. The function attempts to deposit fees to the locker and refund the user, despite no fees being associated with this liquidated listing,  potentially using funds not associated with this listing.


### Impact

The protocol suffers from potential fund mismanagement. It may erroneously attempt to deposit fees that were never collected for this listing, and may attempt to issue refunds that were never paid. This could lead to unexpected behavior, including potential loss of funds for the protocol or other listings if the attempts succeed, or transaction failures if they don't.


### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Modify the relist function to check if the listing being relisted is a liquidated listing.