Large Mauve Parrot

Medium

# `Listings::reserve()` doesn't clear the `isLiquidation[collection][tokenId]` mapping

### Summary

_No response_

### Root Cause

[Listings::reserve()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L690) doesn't clear the `_isLiquidation[collection][tokenId]` mapping.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Alice reserves an NFT that's being liquidated (ie. whose mapping `_isLiquidation[collection][tokenId]` is set to `true` ) via [Listings::reserve()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L690)
2. The `_isLiquidation[collection][tokenId]` value stays `true` as the function doesn't delete the mapping
3. After some time Alice buys the NFT by calling [ProtectedListings::unlockProtectedListing()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/ProtectedListings.sol#L287)
4. Alice decides to list the NFT via [Listings::createListings()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L130)

At this point, because `_isLiquidation[collection][tokenId]` is still set to `true`, the protocol will assume the NFT is being liquidated. This is problematic because taxes and fees are not refunded/paid on NFTs that are being liquidated leading to loss of funds for Alice and/or the protocol.

### Impact

Generally, filling/reserving an NFT before it reaches floor price results in a taxes refund to the lister, because the lister pays the taxes for the whole duration of the listing on listing creation. This won't happen in situations as described above, leading to the lister not receiving a refund and losing collection tokens.

Collection tokens fees will also not be deposited in the uniswap hook.
### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

In [Listings::reserve()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L690) delete the `isLiquidation[collection][tokenId]` mapping if the relisted NFT is being liquidated.