Perfect Mint Worm

High

# Wrong Calculation in the voteAndClaim Function Leading to Inaccurate ETH Distribution

## Summary
The `voteAndClaim` function in the `CollectionShutdown` contract calculates the claimable **ETH** reward using a stale `quorumVotes` value, which does not account for changes in the total supply of ERC-20 tokens after the `execute` function. This can lead to inaccurate distribution of ETH.
## Vulnerability Detail
The  `voteAndClaim` function uses `params.quorumVotes` to determine the proportion of ETH a user can claim.
```solidity
  uint amount = 
  params.availableClaim * userVotes / (params.quorumVotes * ONE_HUNDRED_PERCENT / 
  SHUTDOWN_QUORUM_PERCENT);
        (bool sent,) = payable(msg.sender).call{value: amount}('');
```
This value is based on the total supply at the time the `quorum` was reached and does not update if the total supply changes due to additional deposits. if a user increases their **ERC-20** balance by depositing more NFTs using the function `deposit` in `locker.sol` contract before calling voteAndClaim, their balance is not accurately reflected in the reward calculation. This discrepancy arises because the function calculates the user's share based on the old `quorumVotes`, leading to a mismatch between the user's actual token holdings and the proportion of the total supply used for the calculation
## Impact
Users can manipulate their token holdings to receive more ETH than they are entitled to, leading to unfair distribution of ETH. This can result in Some users ending up getting too much, while others don’t get enough.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/utils/CollectionShutdown.sol#L323-L348
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Update the calculation in the `voteAndClaim` function to use the current total supply of ERC-20 tokens at the time of claiming. This will ensure that the distribution of ETH rewards accurately reflects each user's proportion of the total supply