Uneven Burlap Dalmatian

Medium

# User is not able to repay his ```ProtectedPosition``` when the ```Locker``` contract is paused leading to unwanted interest accumulated.

### Summary

The ```lockerNotPaused``` modifier in ```ProtectedListings::adjustPosition()``` prevents users from repaying their positions when the locker is paused and this leads to unwanted interest accumulated while it is not their fault.

### Root Cause

In ```ProtectedListings::adjustPosition()``` and ```ProtectedListings::unlockProtectedListing()```, there is a ```lockerNotPaused``` modifier will prevent any repaying action by the lister from happening. Let's examine these functions :
```solidity
@>    function unlockProtectedListing(address _collection, uint _tokenId, bool _withdraw) public lockerNotPaused {
        // ...
    }

@>     function adjustPosition(address _collection, uint _tokenId, int _amount) public lockerNotPaused {
        // ...
    }
```
[Link to code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/ProtectedListings.sol#L287)

These two function are crucial for the "borrower" to be able to repay his debt before it accumulates more. However, he is forced to take more and more debt, eventually leading to his ```liquidation``` when the locker got unpaused. 

### Internal pre-conditions

1. Owner needs to pause ```Locker``` contract.

### External pre-conditions

1. Lister has to have created a ```ProtectedListing```.

### Attack Path

1. Firstly, a user creates a ```ProtectedListing``` through ```createListings()``` function.
2. Then, owner has to pause ```Locker``` contract.
3. Now, user needs and wants to repay but he is not able to so the interest in his ```ProtectedListing``` is accumulated.

### Impact

The impact of this vulnerability is critical since it will force a lister to overpay for his ```ProtectedListing``` and with time to be passing more and more. After the unpause, he will have two options, either repay the full amount (with this that accrued without his fault) or got his token lost and liquidated. In any case, it results in unwanted and unintended scenarios for both user and protocol.

### PoC

No PoC needed.

### Mitigation

To mitigate this vulnerability successfully, consider allowing repayments (partial and full) even if the ```Locker``` is paused.