Sweet Coconut Robin

High

# The protocol will become insolvent and some nfts will be forever stuck

### Summary

The protocol always maintains a ratio of `1:1` (disregarding the extra denomination), that is, whenever an nft is deposited, a corresponding amount of tokens is minted, and when the nft is withdrawn, the same amount is burned. This makes sense as to always ensure the protocol is solvent and all nfts can be withdrawn.

However, [ProtectedListings::unlockProtectedListing()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/ProtectedListings.sol#L287) burns from the user the full price fee `unlockPrice(_collection, _tokenId) * 10 ** denomination`, which is more than what was minted in the beginning.

When creating the protected listing, the minted amount is `listing.tokenTaken`, given to the user and `1 ether - tokenTaken` that stays in the contract. However, when burning, it burns `1 ether - tokenTaken` and an amount bigger than `listing.tokenTaken` due to the compound effect.

As the amount of tokens will be reduced over time due to this bug, not enough tokens will be available to withdraw all NFTS and they will be stuck.

### Root Cause

In `ProtectedListings.sol:305`, the burned amount is bigger than `listing.tokenTaken`.

### Internal pre-conditions

None.

### External pre-conditions

None.

### Attack Path

1. Users borrow NFTs.
2. Their debt increases.
3. Users unlock nfts via `ProtectedListings::unlockProtectedListing()`, burning more tokens than the ones minted.
4. Not enough tokens will be in market to withdraw all nfts and some will be stuck.

### Impact

The protocol becomes insolvent and some NFTs are forever stuck.

### PoC

```solidity
uint fee = unlockPrice(_collection, _tokenId) * 10 ** denomination;
collectionToken.burnFrom(msg.sender, fee);

function unlockPrice(address _collection, uint _tokenId) public view returns (uint unlockPrice_) {
    // Get the information relating to the protected listing
    ProtectedListing memory listing = _protectedListings[_collection][_tokenId];

    // Calculate the final amount using the compounded factors and principle amount
    unlockPrice_ = locker.taxCalculator().compound({
        _principle: listing.tokenTaken,
        _initialCheckpoint: collectionCheckpoints[_collection][listing.checkpoint],
        _currentCheckpoint: _currentCheckpoint(_collection)
    });
}
```

### Mitigation

The burned amount should always be `listings.tokenTaken` from the user. The remaining should be transferred from the user and deposited as fees.