Raspy Raspberry Tapir

High

# A large collection can be shutdown though it shouldn't be

### Summary

The restrictions around `CollectionShutdown` contract are intended to make a shutdown possible to perform only for small collections (up to `MAX_SHUTDOWN_TOKENS = 4 ether ` in the collection token supply). Unfortunately the restrictions are ineffective. Specifically:

- Collection shutdown can [start](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/utils/CollectionShutdown.sol#L135-L157) when the supply is still small
- The admin function [preventShutdown](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/utils/CollectionShutdown.sol#L415-L425) can't be executed anymore, as there is a vote for the shutdown (`_collectionParams[_collection].shutdownVotes != 0`)
- The [cancel](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/utils/CollectionShutdown.sol#L390-L405) function, designed specifically to prevent shutdown of a large collection, can't be executed until `params.canExecute` becomes `true`.
- As soon as `params.canExecute` becomes `true`, the admin function [execute](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/utils/CollectionShutdown.sol#L231-L275), which actually triggers the shutdown, becomes also executable.

Thus, as can be seen from above, if `start` has been called when the collection is still small, the collection remains forever under the danger of shutdown being executed, no matter the collection size. Moreover, when shutdown becomes feasible (enough votes are accumulated and `params.canExecute == true)` it becomes a running for time between `execute` and `cancel` to decide whether the collection will be shutdown or not.

Thus, despite existing preventive measures, even a large collection can be shutdown thus rugging people that weren't aware of the action.

### Root Cause

The [cancel](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/utils/CollectionShutdown.sol#L390-L405) function, designed specifically to prevent shutdown of a large collection, is wrongly preconditioned, preventing its execution until `execute` can also be triggered:

```solidity
/**
 * If a shutdown flow has not been triggered and the total supply of the token has risen
 * above the threshold, then this function can be called to remove the process and prevent
 * execution.
 *
 * This is done to ensure that collections cannot be marked to shutdown in it's infancy and
 * then as more tokens are added then the shutdown is actioned, rugging people that weren't
 * aware of the action.
 *
 * @param _collection The collection address
 */
function cancel(address _collection) public whenNotPaused {
    // Ensure that the vote count has reached quorum
    CollectionShutdownParams memory params = _collectionParams[_collection];
    if (!params.canExecute) revert ShutdownNotReachedQuorum();

    // Check if the total supply has surpassed an amount of the initial required
    // total supply. This would indicate that a collection has grown since the
    // initial shutdown was triggered and could result in an unsuspected liquidation.
    if (params.collectionToken.totalSupply() <= MAX_SHUTDOWN_TOKENS * 10 ** locker.collectionToken(_collection).denomination()) {
        revert InsufficientTotalSupplyToCancel();
    }

    // Remove our execution flag
    delete _collectionParams[_collection];
    emit CollectionShutdownCancelled(_collection);
}
```

The precondition `if (!params.canExecute) revert ShutdownNotReachedQuorum();` should be removed, thus allowing to execute `cancel` before `execute` can be triggered.

### Internal pre-conditions

- The attacker needs to execute `start` when `<= MAX_SHUTDOWN_TOKENS == 4 ether` of collection tokens are minted
- The attacker needs to hold a quorum of votes (>= 50%) in the collection to be shut down.

### External pre-conditions

none

### Attack Path

1. The attacker calls `start` when the collection is still small
2. The attacker waits till the conditions arise when they would extract profit from shutting down the collection
3. The attacker votes with quorum for the shutdown
4. As explained above, `execute` is triggered automatically by the admin bot.

It's worth considering what people who want to prevent collection shutdown could do, when both `preventShutdown` and `cancel` are ineffective as explained in the finding:

- One possibility is to have an active listing either in `Listings` or `ProtectedListings` contract. This can't be considered a valid defense, as maintaining a listing entails also paying taxes for its maintenance
- Another possibility is to monitor for conditions when `execute` becomes executable, in order to be able to trigger `cancel` before it. This also requires non-trivial investment of funds, to set up the monitoring infrastructure and a bot to submit the `cancel` transaction as soon as possible.

### Impact

Loss of funds: a large collection is shut down, thus making the collection tokens users hold effectively valueless.

### PoC

not required

### Mitigation

```diff
diff --git a/flayer/src/contracts/utils/CollectionShutdown.sol b/flayer/src/contracts/utils/CollectionShutdown.sol
index 2442e70..67bfa38 100644
--- a/flayer/src/contracts/utils/CollectionShutdown.sol
+++ b/flayer/src/contracts/utils/CollectionShutdown.sol
@@ -390,7 +390,6 @@ contract CollectionShutdown is ICollectionShutdown, Ownable, Pausable, Reentranc
     function cancel(address _collection) public whenNotPaused {
         // Ensure that the vote count has reached quorum
         CollectionShutdownParams memory params = _collectionParams[_collection];
-        if (!params.canExecute) revert ShutdownNotReachedQuorum();
 
         // Check if the total supply has surpassed an amount of the initial required
         // total supply. This would indicate that a collection has grown since the
```

### A note on the use of admin-restricted function `execute`

We've specifically consulted with the sponsor via Discord to confirm that **triggering of `execute` is automatic**: as soon as `CollectionShutdownQuorumReached` is emitted, the `execute` transaction is multisig-signed by a bot, and submitted on chain. This is also consistent with the information provided in the [README](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/README.md#q-are-there-any-limitations-on-values-set-by-admins-or-other-roles-in-the-codebase-including-restrictions-on-array-lengths):

> **Q: Are there any limitations on values set by admins (or other roles) in the codebase, including restrictions on array lengths?**
> **Flayer**
> No expected limitations, it should just be assumed that initialized addresses in the contracts as set correctly.
>
> **Q: For permissioned functions, please list all checks and requirements that will be made before calling the function.**
> The following contracts will be added as LockerManager:
>  -  Listings.sol
>  -  ProtectedListings.sol
>  -  CollectionShutdown.sol

It is also consistent with the [judging guidelines effective at the time of the audit](https://github.com/sherlock-protocol/sherlock-v2-docs/blob/e7dc89270b05f8d2fcee69dc4204c7a2b8fb4cf9/audits/judging/judging/README.md):

> **5. (External) Admin trust assumptions**: When a function is access restricted, only values for specific function variables mentioned in the README can be taken into account when identifying an attack path.
> 
> If no values are provided, the (external) admin is trusted to use values that will not cause any issues.
> 
> Note: if the attack path is possible with any possible value, it will be a valid issue.

We have that for the admin-restricted function [execute](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/utils/CollectionShutdown.sol#L231-L275) "_the attack path is possible with any possible value._"