Sweet Coconut Robin

High

# Attackers can instantly manipulate debt due to `ProtectedListing::_currentCheckpoint()` incorrectly calculating the factor using the current utilization ratio

### Summary

The debt of users is calculated by taking the current checkpoint `compoundFactor`, multiplying by their `tokenTaken` and dividing by the previous checkpointed `compoundFactor`. In the process, the [ProtectedListing::_currentCheckpoint()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/ProtectedListings.sol#L580) calculates the current `compoundFactor` by using the current utilization rate, instead of the one in the last globally taken checkpoint, so attackers can manipulate the compound factor by increasing the utilization rate and bumping the factor atomically. Then, they can liquidate users that had their debt instantly increased.

### Root Cause

In `ProtectedListings:549`, the `_utilizationRate` used in the calculation is the current one instead of the stored in the last checkpoint.

### Internal pre-conditions

None.

### External pre-conditions

None.

### Attack Path

1. Users borrow by calling `ProtectedListings::createListings()` and some time passes.
2. Attackers manipulate the exchange rate by calling `ProtectedListings::createListings()` with huge amounts, inflating the utilization rate
3. Attackers call `ProtectedListings::liquidateProtectedListing()` and liquidate users that had their debt instantly increased to using the current utilization rate
4. Attackers repay the loan by calling `ProtectedListings::unlockProtectedListing()`.

### Impact

Users get instantly liquidated.

### PoC

```solidity
collectionCheckpoints[_collection].push(
    Checkpoint({
        compoundedFactor: locker.taxCalculator().calculateCompoundedFactor({
            _previousCompoundedFactor: 1e18,
            _utilizationRate: _utilizationRate,
            _timePeriod: 0
        }),
        timestamp: block.timestamp
    })
);
```

### Mitigation

Use the utilization rate stored in the previous checkpoint to calculate the current compound factor, so that attackers can not manipulate it. If they tried to manipulate it they would also get hit because they would have created listings accruing debt.