Cuddly Ocean Gibbon

High

# ProtectedListings::withdrawProtectedListing functionality can be broken due to incorrect validation when redeeming NFT from locker

## Summary

When protectedListing.owner calls `unlockProtectedListing` with `bool _withdraw = false` - they receive permission to withdraw the NFT in a separate transaction at any time they want (see code snippet below).

It's worth noting that NFTs that interact with the protocol are stored in the Locker. However, the functions for withdrawing NFTs from the Locker do not have sufficient validation to prevent a user from withdrawing an NFT that is intended for withdrawal in withdrawProtectedListing ⇒ the withdrawProtectedListing functionality may have several undesirable usage scenarios.

1. DOS, as their NFT can be withdrawn by another person through the functions `Locker::redeem` `Locker::swap` `Locker::swapBatch`
2. In case their NFT has already been withdrawn from the contract and then put up for sale, they can withdraw the NFT themselves, thereby organizing a DoS of the Listings and Protected Listings functionality, breaking one of the main invariants of the protocol: an NFT put up for sale should be in the Locker.

## Vulnerability Detail

Let's show that the functions in Locker intended for withdrawing NFTs indeed do not have sufficient validation.

Let's consider `Locker::redeem` (The batch and swapBatch functions have an identical structure)

From the code (see below in the code snippet), it's clear that the only validation for withdrawal availability is the `isListing` check

The isListing function only checks cases where the NFT is listed for a Listing, but it doesn't consider the case where the NFT is locked for withdrawal in a Protected Listing.

## Impact

The root cause is this: the protocol allows withdrawing NFTs that are intended for withdrawal of unlocked ProtectedListings. This alone breaks the functionality of withdrawProtectedListing, but this error can also be used by attackers to violate other invariants of the protocol, let's consider the most significant case:

1. An Unlocked User NFT was accidentally withdrawn using the redeem function not by the user (B) who should have done it in withdrawProtectedListing. Let's say by user A (the one who withdrew)
2. Then user A puts the NFT up for sale.
3. Afterwards, user B can use the previously obtained opportunity to withdraw and withdraw the NFT that is already recorded as a listing. To do this, they only need to call the withdrawProtectedListing function. It calls `locker.withdrawToken` which does not perform any checks during withdrawal.

Severity: High

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/ProtectedListings.sol#L287-L329

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/ProtectedListings.sol#L341-L352

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/Locker.sol#L209-L230

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/Locker.sol#L438-L452

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Fix nft withdraw validation in locker