Cuddly Ocean Gibbon

High

# The possibility of calling execute a second time results in a loss of funds

## Summary

`canExecute` in `collectionShutdown` can be set to `true` a second time, which means `cancel` can be called for a collection that has already had `execute` called on it. This leads to the deletion of the entry in the _collectionParams mapping, resulting in a DoS of the `claim` and `voteAndClaim` functions, and overall blocking of user funds, because after cancel it's impossible to return votes.

## Vulnerability Detail

After execute has been called for a collection, the params.canExecute parameter is changed from true to false. The `cancel` function can be called by anyone, it only requires canExecute to be true, and totalSupply > 4 (Let's assume this function is executed in the given reasoning).

Since the protocol allows users to vote for liquidation even after the execute function is called, users can call the `vote` function, in which under certain conditions `canExecute` is changed to true again.

```solidity
if (!params.canExecute && params.shutdownVotes >= params.quorumVotes) {
            params.canExecute = true;
            emit CollectionShutdownQuorumReached(_collection);
}
```

This means a scenario is possible (which can happen accidentally or be orchestrated by an attacker, where canExecute will be `true` again).

Once `canExecute` becomes `true` again, `cancel` can be called, which in turn will clear the `_collectionParams[_collection]` structure:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/utils/CollectionShutdown.sol#L390-L405
This will lead to a `DoS` of the `claim` and `voteAndClaim` functions as the functions will revert on the following line of code:

```solidity
if (params.sweeperPool == address(0)) revert ShutdownNotExecuted();
```

which in turn will lead to the blocking of native tokens that are intended as rewards for users. Thus, for each user, the native token will be blocked in the amount of `amount` (`uint amount = params.availableClaim * userVotes / (params.quorumVotes * ONE_HUNDRED_PERCENT / SHUTDOWN_QUORUM_PERCENT)`).

Moreover, there is currently an error in the protocol that prevents users from returning tokens they voted with after calling cancel. It is described in detail in the issue titled: `There is no method of returning votes in case of cancellation, resulting in loss of funds`

Thus, the root cause of the problem is the ability to call cancel after execute.

## Impact

In this scenario, user funds and native tokens are blocked. It's not difficult for an attacker to achieve this scenario under conditions of low volatility and totalSupply of collections close to liquidation.

Severity: High

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add params.isExecuted, and check that param in cancel.