Cuddly Ocean Gibbon

High

# Relist Liquidation Listing lead to paying tx from protocol - loss 0.0514 collectionToken

## Summary

In the `Listings` contract, there are two ways to create a listing.

1. By calling the `Listings::createListings` function. Paying a fee for each Listing. (The function can be called by any address)
2. By calling the `Listings::createLiquidationListing` function. This function is only called from the `ProtectedListings::liquidateProtectedListing` function. ***No fee is paid for creating the listing in this case***. Also, an entry is created in the _isLiquidation dictionary. The listing is marked as true.

As a result of both functions, the created listing is added to the _listings dictionary.

For this vulnerability, it's important to understand the distribution of fees paid for creating a listing. The full logic can be found in the `_resolveListingTax` function

Simplified, this logic looks like this: tx is divided into two components. Refund and Fees. When purchased, the Refund is sent back to the user who created the Listing, and the fees are sent to the UniswapPool. The faster the fill / modify / relist listing, the closer the refund is to the initial tx. If the collection is bought after the duration expires ⇒ refund = 0, fees = tx

However, the relist function calls the `_resolveListingTax` function with the parameter bool _action = true, which means that the fee payment will be made directly within the function. However, when distributing the funds for fees in this function, there is no validation that the original listing should be _isLiquidation = false, otherwise we are distributing a fee for a listing that no one paid for, which means we are simply spending protocol funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

The root cause of the vulnerability is that the `_resolveListingTax` function does not check whether we are withdrawing a commission for a `liquidationListing` or not. In other places where the commission is withdrawn, the protocol performs this check [`[Listings::_fillListings](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer-BengalCatBalu/blob/d53f757bf5daac1e9d0c38a649d74efd9195494e/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L501-L501)`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer-BengalCatBalu/blob/d53f757bf5daac1e9d0c38a649d74efd9195494e/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L501-L501) [`[Listings::reserve](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer-BengalCatBalu/blob/d53f757bf5daac1e9d0c38a649d74efd9195494e/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L714-L719)`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer-BengalCatBalu/blob/d53f757bf5daac1e9d0c38a649d74efd9195494e/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L714-L719).

Calls to _resolveListingTax with the parameter action = true without a preliminary check for `isLiquidationListing = false` occur only in `relist`.

Let's calculate how much the protocol loses in this case.

The commission for placing a liquidationListing with parameters `floor_multiple = 400`, `duration = 4 days` can be calculated by running this test.

```solidity
function test_CalculateTax() public {
        console.logUint(taxCalculator.calculateTax(address(0), 400, 4  days));
}
```

In total, the protocol will lose: `0.05142857142857143 collectionToken`. Considering that the protocol logic assumes that `1 token = 1 floor price for nft in eth` - this loss will be significant, especially for expensive collections (5% of the floor price).

## Impact

For this error to occur and for the protocol to lose ~0.05 tokens, someone needs to decide to call relist from a liquidationListing. Since relist can be called by any user except listing.owner, the probability of this is high.

The protocol's loss is also substantial, considering that it can occur frequently, including on expensive collections.

Severity: High

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L918-L956

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add isLiquidation check to relist function