Large Saffron Toad

High

# Wrong refund logic in Locker.sol `initializeCollection`

## Summary
The whole refund logic in initializeCollection will not work because tokens are not held there.
## Vulnerability Detail
In the InitializeCollection function the token transfers go as follows:
1)User deposits a minimum of 10 NFTs as liquidity. The deposit function of the locker is called with the implementation address passed as receiver:
```solidity
  deposit(_collection, _tokenIds, address(_implementation));
``` 
So the ERC721 tokens will be locked in the `Locker.sol` contract and the ERC20 collection tokens will be minted to the implementation contract.
2) The balance of the `Locker.sol` contract is recorded in the `startBalance` variable:
```solidity
 uint startBalance = nativeToken.balanceOf(address(this));
```
However this will be equal to the native token balance even before `intializeCollection` was called.
3) After that the user transfers _eth amount of tokens directly to the implementation contract:
```solidity
 nativeToken.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(_implementation), _eth);
```
4)The `UniswapImplementation.sol` will call function to create the initialize the pool and provide the liquidity. However Uniswapv4 does not always use all the provided in tokens so there will be leftover native tokens left in the `UniswapImplementation.sol`
```solidity
 _implementation.initializeCollection(_collection, _eth, tokens, _tokenSlippage, _sqrtPriceX96);
```
5)After that the following line is executed:
```solidity
// Refund any unused relative token to the user
        nativeToken.transfer(msg.sender, startBalance - nativeToken.balanceOf(address(this)));
```
However as we can see all the tokens are transferred and held in the `UniswapImplementation.sol` contract and there are will never be changes in the balance of the `Locker.sol` contract during the `initializeCollection` function. Therefore the whole refund logic is wrong.

## Impact
The unused tokens are not actually returned to the sender.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/Locker.sol#L395
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Track the balance of the implementation contract to check the refund amount.