Radiant Brunette Seagull

High

# Redundant Balance Tracking and Refund Logic in `initializeCollection` Function

## Summary

The `initializeCollection` function in the `Locker` contract includes unnecessary balance tracking and refund logic, which complicates the function without providing any clear benefit. This can lead to confusion and potential inefficiencies in the contract's implementation.

## Vulnerability Detail

Within the `initializeCollection` function, the contract tracks the initial balance of `nativeToken` held by `address(this)` and attempts to refund any excess tokens back to the caller after transferring tokens to the `_implementation` contract. However, this logic is redundant because the `nativeToken.transferFrom` method directly moves tokens from the caller (`msg.sender`) to the `_implementation` contract, leaving the balance of `address(this)` unchanged.

Specifically:

1. **Recording Initial Balance**:
   ```solidity
   uint startBalance = nativeToken.balanceOf(address(this));
   ```

2. **Transfer of Funds**:
   ```solidity
   nativeToken.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(_implementation), _eth);
   ```

3. **Refunding Excess**:
   ```solidity
   nativeToken.transfer(
       msg.sender,
       startBalance - nativeToken.balanceOf(address(this))
   );
   ```

This balance tracking and subsequent refund are unnecessary in the context of this function.

## Impact

The unnecessary balance tracking and refund logic can lead to:
1. **Code Complexity**: Introducing redundant steps complicates the code, making it harder to read and maintain.
2. **Potential Confusion**: Developers and auditors might be misled into thinking these steps are necessary for the correct operation of the function.
3. **Inefficiency**: Although minor, performing these unnecessary operations can slightly increase computational overhead and gas costs.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/Locker.sol#L367-L399
### Current Code with Redundant Logic

```solidity
uint startBalance = nativeToken.balanceOf(address(this));
nativeToken.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(_implementation), _eth);
// ...
nativeToken.transfer(
    msg.sender,
    startBalance - nativeToken.balanceOf(address(this))
);
```

### Explanation

The `nativeToken.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(_implementation), _eth);` command directly transfers tokens from the caller to the `_implementation` contract, without affecting the balance of `address(this)`. Hence, the initial balance tracking and the refund operation are redundant.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The balance tracking of `address(this)` and the refund mechanism should be reviewed and corrected to simplify the `initializeCollection` function and ensure it only performs necessary operations. The unnecessary steps should be identified and removed to enhance code clarity and efficiency.