Lone Chartreuse Alpaca

Medium

# Wrong Computation When Cancelling a Listing.

### Summary

Wrong computation when cancelling a listing will make it impossible for users to cancel all their listings for a collection token type due to an underflow revert.

### Root Cause

When cancelling a collection listing via [Listings::cancelListings](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L414-L470) function, the below calculation is done to compute how much is to be deducted from the user account:
```solidity
        uint requiredAmount = ((1 ether * _tokenIds.length) *
            10 ** collectionToken.denomination()) - refund;
        payTaxWithEscrow(
            address(collectionToken),
            requiredAmount,
            _payTaxWithEscrow
        );
```
To better understand this issue, let's assume a user lists 200 tokens of a collection, at the same floor multiple and duration, and is charged a 10% fee/tax, hence receiving 200 - 20 ==> 180 collateral tokens.
user balance = 180

If the user intends to cancel all of his listings at half of his listing duration, half of the charged fee will be set to be refunded to the user. i.e:
fees = 10
refund = 10

+ Current Implementation:

required amount = `((1 ether * _tokenIds.length) * 10** collectionToken.denomination()) - refund;
=> 200 - 10 ==> 190`
[payTaxWithEscrow](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L783-L813) is then called to deduct this required amount from the user collection token balance.
user balance = 180 - 190
this will thus result in an underflow revert.

+ Supposed Implementation

Using the same example, we deduct the fee instead of the refund and also refund the user the refund amount:

Where the fee is 10 and the refund is 10:

required amount = 200 -10 => 190
refund the user
user balance : 180 + 10 ==>190
then deduct the required amount.
user balance = user balance - required amount ==> 190 - 190 = 0



### Internal pre-conditions

None

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

None

### Impact

+ It will be impossible for users to cancel all of their listings for a collection.
+ Users are also deducted more collection tokens than they should per each listing cancellation.

### PoC

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L414-L470

### Mitigation


Update the computation to deduct fees not refund, and then deposit the refund amount to the user, then burn just the required amount.