Shiny Glass Hare

Medium

# Double Fee Charged in modifyListings Function for Unchanged Duration

## Summary

`Listing::modifyListings` charges a user for listing taxes twice if the listing duration is not updated. The function first resolves the existing tax on the listing, but when it calculates the new tax required, it charges the user for the entire duration again, including past time periods. This leads to the user paying more than expected since they are charged for time they’ve already paid for.

## Vulnerability Detail
The issue arises due to the following flow in the modifyListings function:
`(uint _fees, uint _refund) = _resolveListingTax(listing, _collection, false);`
This ensures that the user is charged up to the current time, and any excess tax is refunded.

Later in the function, if duration is not changed `listing.created`  and `listing.duration` values are not updated, so the duration for modified auction is  less than `listing.duration`. However, new tax calculation includes the entire original duration of the listing, including time already accounted for by the previous tax.

```solidity

            // Collect tax on the existing listing
            (uint _fees, uint _refund) = _resolveListingTax(listing, _collection, false);
            emit ListingFeeCaptured(_collection, params.tokenId, _fees);

            fees += _fees;
            refund_ += _refund;
            if (params.duration != 0) {
                ...
                listing.created = uint40(block.timestamp);
                listing.duration = params.duration;
            }

        //@audit tax is calculated for whole duration
         taxRequired_ += getListingTaxRequired(listing, _collection);
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L355

This step calculates the tax for the entire duration of the listing, which includes the time already covered by the previously collected tax. Since the user has already paid for the past time period, this results in double taxation.


## Impact

If the user does not update the listing duration, they will be taxed twice for the time period that has already passed.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L355

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To prevent double taxation, the new tax calculation should only apply to the remaining time of the listing, excluding the time already covered by the previously collected tax.
Another method would be to update created timestamp before tax calculation.
 ```solidity              
+         listing.created = uint40(block.timestamp);
        //@audit tax is calculated for whole duration
         taxRequired_ += getListingTaxRequired(listing, _collection);
```