Stable Chili Ferret

Medium

# Use `safeTransferFrom` Instead of `transferFrom` for ERC721

### Summary

This bug report is about an issue with the use of the transferFrom method for ERC721 token transfers. The use of this method is discouraged and it is recommended to use the safeTransferFrom method instead. This is because the transferFrom method cannot check if the receiving address knows how to handle ERC721 tokens.


### Root Cause

Use the `transferFrom()` method to transfer ERC721.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

[OpenZeppelin’s documentation](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/api/token/erc721#IERC721-transferFrom-address-address-uint256-) discourages the use of `transferFrom()`, use `safeTransferFrom()` whenever possible
Given that any NFT can be used for the call option, there are a few NFTs that have logic in the `onERC721Received()` function, which is only triggered in the `safeTransferFrom()` function and not in transferFrom()


### Impact

All transactions that use the `transferFrom` method may be reverted

### PoC

All code bases within the scope use the `transferFrom` method for ERC721 transfers.

In particular, the `AirdropRecipient` contract inherits the `Receiver` contract to safely handle ERC721 transfers.
```solidity
abstract contract Receiver {
    /// @dev For receiving ETH.
    receive() external payable virtual {}

    /// @dev Fallback function with the `receiverFallback` modifier.
    fallback() external payable virtual receiverFallback {}

    /// @dev Modifier for the fallback function to handle token callbacks.
    modifier receiverFallback() virtual {
        /// @solidity memory-safe-assembly
        assembly {
            let s := shr(224, calldataload(0))
-->         // 0x150b7a02: `onERC721Received(address,address,uint256,bytes)`.
            // 0xf23a6e61: `onERC1155Received(address,address,uint256,uint256,bytes)`.
            // 0xbc197c81: `onERC1155BatchReceived(address,address,uint256[],uint256[],bytes)`.
            if or(eq(s, 0x150b7a02), or(eq(s, 0xf23a6e61), eq(s, 0xbc197c81))) {
                mstore(0x20, s) // Store `msg.sig`.
                return(0x3c, 0x20) // Return `msg.sig`.
            }
        }
        _;
    }
}
```
As shown above, the `AirdropRecipient` contract explicitly states that it also supports NFTs with logic contained within `onERC721Received()`.

However, the [`AirdropRecipient.sol#claimAirdrop()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/utils/AirdropRecipient.sol#L136) function also uses the `transferFrom()` method for ERC721 transfer.

As a result, `recipient` cannot receive the Airdrop because `onERC721Received()` is not triggered.


### Mitigation

It is recommended to use the `safeTransferFrom()` method instead of the `transferFrom()` method for ERC721 transfers.