Raspy Azure Dragonfly

Medium

# Potential Risk of Frozen NFTs and Lost Tokens in Flayer Protocol Due to Improper Transfer Methods

## Summary
The current implementation of the Flayer protocol uses ``ERC721.transferFrom()`` for transferring NFTs,  However, using`` transferFrom()`` instead of ``safeTransferFrom()`` introduces a critical risk that users' NFTs may be transferred to contracts that do not support the ERC721 standard. This could result in NFTs being "frozen" or locked in these contracts, making them inaccessible to users.

Additionally, the transfer of collection tokens also follows a direct ``transferFrom()``, ``transfer`` approach, which may expose the system to a loss of assets in edge cases where the receiving contract cannot correctly handle tokens.
## Vulnerability Detail
When transferring NFTs, the ``safeTransferFrom()`` function is designed to ensure that the receiving contract can handle ERC721 tokens. The ``safeTransferFrom()`` method invokes the ``onERC721Received()`` function on the recipient contract, ensuring that the contract can properly receive the token. If the recipient does not implement this function, the transfer will revert, avoiding the issue of the NFT being locked in an unsupported contract.
## Impact

- Frozen NFTs: If a user tries to swap an NFT and it gets transferred to a contract that does not support ERC721, the NFT will be stuck there indefinitely, unless the contract owner manually transfers it out.

- potential Loss of Assets: For the collection tokens, using`` transferFrom()``,``transfer()`` without validation could lead to token losses 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/Locker.sol#L226
```solidity
  function redeem(
        address _collection,
        uint[] calldata _tokenIds,
        address _recipient
    ) public nonReentrant whenNotPaused collectionExists(_collection) {
        //@audit -L1 No check if the _recipient is a 0x00!!
        uint tokenIdsLength = _tokenIds.length;
        if (tokenIdsLength == 0) revert NoTokenIds();

        // Burn the ERC20 tokens from the caller
        ICollectionToken collectionToken_ = _collectionToken[_collection];
        collectionToken_.burnFrom(
            msg.sender,
            tokenIdsLength * 1 ether * 10 ** collectionToken_.denomination()
        );

        // Define our collection token outside the loop
        IERC721 collection = IERC721(_collection);

        // Loop through the tokenIds and redeem them
        for (uint i; i < tokenIdsLength; ++i) {
            // Ensure that the token requested is not a listing
            if (isListing(_collection, _tokenIds[i]))
                revert TokenIsListing(_tokenIds[i]);
            //@audit safetransferFrom should be used instead
            // Transfer the collection token to the caller
           @>> collection.transferFrom(address(this), _recipient, _tokenIds[i]);
        }

        emit TokenRedeem(_collection, _tokenIds, msg.sender, _recipient);
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use OpenZeppelin's ERC721 implementation and replace ``transferFrom()`` with ``safeTransferFrom()`` to ensure that NFTs are safely transferred to compatible contracts. This will prevent the risk of frozen NFTs or token losses in cases where the recipient cannot handle the assets.
the same should also be employed with ``trasnfer()``, and ``mint()``