Sour Amethyst Cricket

Medium

# InfernalRiftAbove's `claimRoyalties()` breaks if token0's royalty receiver is changed

### Summary

The `.royaltyInfo()` callback in InfernalRiftAbove's [`claimRoyalties()`](https://github.com/flayerlabs/moongate/blob/main/src/InfernalRiftAbove.sol#L251) function is intended to return the default royalty information of a collection, but returns `_tokenRoyaltyInfo[0]`, which prevents the default royalty receiver from accessing the `claimRoyalties()` function and allows the receiver listed at `_tokenRoyaltyInfo[0]` to claim all royalties accrued to the entire L2 collection.

### Root Cause

ERC721Royalty and ERC2981 contain logic for dealing with royalties on a per-token basis, which overrides the collection's default, but ERC2981 does not contain a dedicated method for returning default royalty info. [`InfernalRiftAbove.sol:258`](https://github.com/flayerlabs/moongate/blob/main/src/InfernalRiftAbove.sol#L258) passes 0 to [`royaltyInfo` in ERC2981.sol](https://github.com/flayerlabs/moongate/blob/main/src/InfernalRiftAbove.sol#L261), which checks `_tokenRoyaltyInfo[0]`. `_defaultRoyaltyInfo` is returned as intended only if `receiver` at token0 is `address(0)`, otherwise token0's royalty receiver address is returned. This address is used to establish access control on [`InfernalRiftAbove:261`](https://github.com/flayerlabs/moongate/blob/main/src/InfernalRiftAbove.sol#L261). If `_tokenRoyaltyInfo[0] != address(0)`, this address will have access to the L2 collection's royalties, and the default address will not.



### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

1. For a given collection, tokenId 0 must be a tradeable token.
2. The collection must have accrued royalties owed to its default recipient.
3. The receiver of royalties for tokenId 0 is set to an address that is not `address(0)`.

### Attack Path

1. The receiver at `_tokenRoyaltyInfo[0]` is set to an address that is not `address(0)` or the default royalty receiver address.

Optional: 
The receiver at `_tokenRoyaltyInfo[0]` calls `InfernalRiftAbove.claimRoyalties()`, claiming royalties intended to be paid out to the default add

### Impact

The default royalty recipient address is locked out of the `claimRoyalties()` function, and the royalty recipient for token0 is allowed to claim all of the royalties accrued to a collection's L2 counterpart.

### PoC

The beginning of this test follows the beginning of the `test_CanCollectRoyalties()` test.

```solidity
function test_BreakRoyalties() public {
        // Set the royalty information for the L1 contract
        l1NFT.setDefaultRoyalty(address(this), 1000);

        // Create an ERC721 that implements ERC2981 for royalties
        _bridgeNft(address(this), address(l1NFT), 0);

        // Get our 'L2' address
        Test721 l2NFT = Test721(riftBelow.l2AddressForL1Collection(address(l1NFT), false));

        // Add some royalties (10 ETH and 1000 USDC) onto the L2 contract
        deal(address(l2NFT), 10 ether);
        deal(address(USDC), address(l2NFT), 1000 ether);

        // Set up our tokens array to try and claim native ETH
        address[] memory tokens = new address[](2);
        tokens[0] = address(0);
        tokens[1] = address(USDC);

        // The royalty recipient of token0 is set to BOB
        l1NFT.setTokenRoyalty(0, BOB, 1000);

        // The default address can no longer claim royalties
        vm.expectRevert(
            abi.encodeWithSelector(
                InfernalRiftAbove.CallerIsNotRoyaltiesReceiver.selector,
                address(this), BOB
            )
        );
        riftAbove.claimRoyalties(address(l1NFT), ALICE, tokens, 0);

        // Address at token0 can claim all royalties
        vm.startPrank(BOB);
        riftAbove.claimRoyalties(address(l1NFT), BOB, tokens, 0);

        assertEq(payable(BOB).balance, 10 ether);
        assertEq(USDC.balanceOf(BOB), 1000 ether);

    }
```

### Mitigation

I did find a more reliable way of accessing `_defaultRoyaltyInfo`. `royaltyInfo()` returns the default if the address in the mapping at `uint256 token0` is set to `address(0)`. This means that any tokenId without a set address will return the default information, regardless of whether or not the tokenId refers to an existing token.

Default royalty information can be more reliably accessed by passing a tokenId that is certain not to exist than by passing 0.

This could be done in a number of ways. Instead of passing 0 to `royaltyInfo()`, an extremely large `uint256` that is beyond the reasonable upper limit of a collection's max supply could be used, which would require no additional calls or checks. 

If there is a standard method for returning the total supply of a collection ([like in ERC721Enumerable's case](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/token/ERC721/extensions/ERC721Enumerable.sol#L56)), You could check the total supply at the time of the function call and pass `_collection.totalSupply() + 1` to `royaltyInfo()`.

This might be getting into overkill territory, but randomness can be implemented to make this check even more secure. If a random uint256 is passed to `royaltyInfo()`, as long as that number is higher than the reasonable upper limit of a collection's max supply, it will access the default address in a way that can't be predicted or frontrun. If the supply of a collection can be expected to cap off around 100,000, there are still 2^252-ish possible `tokenId` values that all return the default royalty information.

