Raspy Raspberry Tapir

High

# Attackers may impose arbitrary royalties on buyers of bridged NFTs on L2

### Summary

Both ERC-721 and ERC-1155 NFTs are bridged from L1 to L2 on a "first-come-first-serve" basis: the first user who submits the transaction [crossTheThreshold](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/InfernalRiftAbove.sol#L83) (for ERC-721) or [crossTheThreshold1155](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/InfernalRiftAbove.sol#L137) (for ERC-1155) to `InfernalRiftAbove` will define which royalty will be charged for all NFTs across the entire NFT collection. This happens due to determining the charged royalty based on the royalty of the first NFT token in the user supplied params.

As the user may also either directly control the royalty in the first token they supply in params, or select the existing token with the desired royalty amount, this allows them to have the buyers of bridged NFTs on L2 be charged arbitrary royalties, which is a loss of funds.

### Root Cause

On L1, methods [crossTheThreshold](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/InfernalRiftAbove.sol#L109-L119) (for ERC-721) or [crossTheThreshold1155](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/InfernalRiftAbove.sol#L171-L181) (for ERC-1155) of `InfernalRiftAbove` construct the package to L2 as follows:

```solidity
// Set up payload
package[i] = Package({
    chainId: block.chainid,
    collectionAddress: collectionAddress,
    ids: params.idsToCross[i],
    amounts: new uint[](numIds),
    uris: uris,
    royaltyBps: _getCollectionRoyalty(collectionAddress, params.idsToCross[i][0]),
    name: erc721.name(),
    symbol: erc721.symbol()
});
```

As can be seen, the `royaltyBps` field is taken from the royalty amount specific to the first token supplied by the user.

On L2, the functions [_thresholdCross721](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/InfernalRiftBelow.sol#L240-L250) and [_thresholdCross1155](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/InfernalRiftBelow.sol#L278-L288) process the received package and, in case the L2 collection has not been deployed yet, deploy and initialize it, passing `royaltyBps` to the `initialize` function of the newly deployed NFT contract:

```solidity
// If not yet deployed, deploy the L2 collection and set name/symbol/royalty
if (!isDeployedOnL2(l1CollectionAddress, false)) {
    Clones.cloneDeterministic(ERC721_BRIDGABLE_IMPLEMENTATION, bytes32(bytes20(l1CollectionAddress)));

    // Check if we have an ERC721 or an ERC1155
    l2Collection721 = ERC721Bridgable(l2CollectionAddress);
    l2Collection721.initialize(package.name, package.symbol, package.royaltyBps, package.chainId, l1CollectionAddress);

    // Set the reverse mapping
    l1AddressForL2Collection[l2CollectionAddress] = l1CollectionAddress;
}
```

Finally, [ERC721Bridgable::initialize](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/libs/ERC721Bridgable.sol#L81-L82) and [ERC1155Bridgable::initialize](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/libs/ERC1155Bridgable.sol#L63-L64) set the passed royalty as the default, thus applying it uniformly to all NFTs in the collection.

```solidity
// Set this contract to receive marketplace royalty
_setDefaultRoyalty(address(this), _royaltyBps);
```

### Internal pre-conditions

A malicious user is the first who submits transaction `crossTheThreshold` or `crossTheThreshold1155` for the respective NFT collection.

### External pre-conditions

none

### Attack Path

1. For an L1 NFT collection, the attacker either chooses an already existing token with the desired royalty amount, or create their own token, and set the desired royalty amount
2. The attacker submits `crossTheThreshold` or `crossTheThreshold1155` transaction to `InfernalRiftAbove`, listing the above token as the first in the params
3. Package is forwarded to L2, and executed by `InfernalRiftBelow`. The L2 collection is created to mirror the L1 collection, and the royalty amount from the first token is applied across all collection.
4. Buyers of tokens from the L2 collection pay arbitrary royalties, set by the attacker.

### Impact

Definite loss of funds: buyers of NFTs from the bridged collection will pay arbitrary royalties set by the attacker.

### PoC

not required according to the rules

### Mitigation

Do not take the royalty amount from the first token in the supplied parameters, but instead propagate the per-token royalty amount, queried from the L1 collection.