Raspy Raspberry Tapir

High

# Claiming of royalties on L1 based on token 0 deprives artists of their royalties

### Summary

Function [InfernalRiftAbove::claimRoyalties](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/InfernalRiftAbove.sol#L251-L274) allows to claim royalties from the L2-mirrorred NFT contract to anyone who is set a a royalty recipient  of a token with ID `0` on the L1 NFT contract:

```solidity
// We can now pull the royalty information from the L1 to confirm that the caller
// is the receiver of the royalties. We can't actually pull in the default royalty
// provider so instead we just use token0.
(address receiver,) = IERC2981(_collectionAddress).royaltyInfo(0, 0);

// Check that the receiver of royalties is making this call
if (receiver != msg.sender) revert CallerIsNotRoyaltiesReceiver(msg.sender, receiver);

// Make our call to the L2 that will pull tokens from the contract
ICrossDomainMessenger(L1_CROSS_DOMAIN_MESSENGER).sendMessage(
    INFERNAL_RIFT_BELOW,
    abi.encodeCall(
        IInfernalRiftBelow.claimRoyalties,
        (_collectionAddress, _recipient, _tokens)
    ),
    _gasLimit
);
```

This is wrong due to may reasons; in particular we can cite [EIP-721](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721):

> Every NFT is identified by a unique `uint256` ID inside the ERC-721 smart contract. This identifying number SHALL NOT change for the life of the contract. The pair `(contract address, uint256 tokenId)` will then be a globally unique and fully-qualified identifier for a specific asset on an Ethereum chain. While some ERC-721 smart contracts may find it convenient to start with ID 0 and simply increment by one for each new NFT, callers SHALL NOT assume that ID numbers have any specific pattern to them, and MUST treat the ID as a “black box”. Also note that NFTs MAY become invalid (be destroyed). Please see the enumeration functions for a supported enumeration interface.

Here are a few reasons why the royalty recipient of NFT with ID `0` should not be used as a royalty recipient for the collection:

- Such NFT may not exist at all (many collections start numbering from `1`)
- Such NFT may be just an ordinary NFT, which may be possessed by an ordinary user
- Some NFT collections allow each NFT to have separate author, and thus a royalty amount or recipient for token `0` may have nothing to do with the rest of the collection.

### Root Cause

[InfernalRiftAbove::claimRoyalties](hhttps://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/InfernalRiftAbove.sol#L258-L261) allowing the recipient of the royalty for token `0` to claim royalties for the whole collection:

```solidity
(address receiver,) = IERC2981(_collectionAddress).royaltyInfo(0, 0);

// Check that the receiver of royalties is making this call
if (receiver != msg.sender) revert CallerIsNotRoyaltiesReceiver(msg.sender, receiver);
```

### Internal pre-conditions

none

### External pre-conditions

For an L1 NFT collection, either:

- The NFT collection doesn't have token `0`
- Token `0` is an ordinary NFT owned by an ordinary user (not artist)
- NFT collection royalties are set on a per-token basis.

### Impact

Artists who created NFTs on L1 won't be able to claim their royalties. Instead, the royalties either will be stuck in L2 contracts, or will be claimed by users who have no right to claim them.

### PoC

Not required

### Mitigation

Implement per-token claiming of NFT royalties on L1.