Large Mauve Parrot

Medium

# Moongate assumes royalties are always implemented as a fixed percentage of the price, leading to discrepancies or locked tokens

### Summary

Moongate assumes royalties are always implemented as a fixed percentage of the price, but this is not necessarily the case. This might lead to royalties on L2 being different that what they should.

### Root Cause

When first deploying a collection on L2 the royalty percentage is set, which is taken from L1 collection from a user specified token ID. Moongate assumes that the royalty fee is always a fixed percentage of the price of the NFT being sold, which is incorrect. [EIP2981](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2981) warns about this:

> Subsequent invocations of royaltyInfo() MAY return a different royaltyAmount

> The implementer MAY choose to change the percentage value based on other predictable variables that do not make assumptions about the unit of exchange. For example, the percentage value may drop linearly over time. An approach like this SHOULD NOT be based on variables that are unpredictable like block.timestamp, but instead on other more predictable state changes. One more reasonable approach MAY use the number of transfers of an NFT to decide which percentage value is used to calculate the royaltyAmount. The idea being that the percentage value could decrease after each transfer of the NFT. Another example could be using a different percentage value for each unique _tokenId.

- The royalty fee is set once when the collection is deployed on L2, which assumes the royalty fee is constant over time
- The royalty fee is retrieved via [InfernalRiftAbove::_getCollectionRoyalty()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/InfernalRiftAbove.sol#L284) which passes `BPS_MULTIPLIER (=10000)` as token price to infer the royalty percentage, assuming the the royalty is a fixed percentage of the price
- The royalty fee is retrieved via [InfernalRiftAbove::_getCollectionRoyalty()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/InfernalRiftAbove.sol#L284) by which passes a user specified `tokenId`, assuming the royalty fee is the same for every token ID.

Another side effect is that the functions [_thresholdCross721()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/InfernalRiftBelow.sol#L234C14-L234C32) and [_thresholdCross1155()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/InfernalRiftBelow.sol#L272) both call the `initialize()` function on the respective implementations when first deploying the collection on L2, which calls `_setDefaultRoyalty()`, which reverts when the royalty is bigger than `_feeDenominator()` (ie. `10000`):
```solidity
    function _setDefaultRoyalty(address receiver, uint96 feeNumerator) internal virtual {
        require(feeNumerator <= _feeDenominator(), "ERC2981: royalty fee will exceed salePrice");
        require(receiver != address(0), "ERC2981: invalid receiver");

        _defaultRoyaltyInfo = RoyaltyInfo(receiver, feeNumerator);
    }
```

Reverting the bridging transaction on L2 results in the ERC721/ERC1155 tokens being stuck on L1.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

1. The ERC721/ERC1155 collection being bridged doesn't implement a constant fixed percentage as royalty fees

### Attack Path

1. Alice wants to bridge NFT `10` of collection `X`, she calls [InfernalRiftAbove::crossTheThreshold()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/InfernalRiftAbove.sol#L83)
2. Moongate gets the royalty fee of the NFT `10` at price `10000` via [InfernalRiftAbove::_getCollectionRoyalty()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/InfernalRiftAbove.sol#L284) but collection `X` royalty fee depends on the amount of transfers of each specific NFT. Let's suppose is `5%`
3. Moongate sets the royalty fee of collection `X` on L2 to be a constant `5%`


### Impact

Royalties collected on L2 might be different than the ones that would have accumulated on L1. If the returned royalty is bigger than `10000` the transaction on L2 will always revert, leading to the tokens being stuck in the L1 contract.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

_No response_