Sharp Blonde Camel

High

# Default royalty receiver can steal royalties of other receivers

### Summary

The `InfernalRiftAbove` contract allows to call the `claimRoyalties` function only by the receiver of royalties for the token id equal to 0. Furthermore, the bridgeable contracts collect all royalties by themselves and send all collected royalties to the receiver from L1 (receiver of token id = 0 or the default receiver0. 

If there are other royalty receivers set for token ids greater than 0, the mentioned receiver can steal their royalties.

### Root Cause

In [`InfernalRiftAbove.sol#L258`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/InfernalRiftAbove.sol#L258) the receiver allowed to claim royalties is taken as the receiver of token id 0 (or default one if it's not set for token 0). All royalties collected on L2 are sent to L2 bridgeable token (see [`ERC1155Bridgable.sol#L64`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/libs/ERC1155Bridgable.sol#L64)) and are not accounted for the original royalty receivers from L1.

Additionally, no access control check or royalty distribution is present in:
* [`InfernalRiftBelow.sol#L220`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/InfernalRiftBelow.sol#L220),
* [`ERC721Bridgable.sol#L143`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/libs/ERC721Bridgable.sol#L143),
* [`ERC1155Bridgable.sol#L116`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/libs/ERC1155Bridgable.sol#L116).

### Internal pre-conditions

None

### External pre-conditions

The collection being bridged must have set different royalty recipients for different token ids.

### Attack Path

1. Anyone bridges a collection that has a one receiver set for token 0 (or default one) and another for other ids (1,2,etc.).
2. The collection is being traded on L2 and token id 1 is exchanged multiple times earning some ERC20 tokens for the receiver.
3. The royalty receiver for token id 1 cannot claim royalties because it will not pass this check: [`InfernalRiftAbove.sol#L258`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/InfernalRiftAbove.sol#L258) (it's different address than the default receiver).
4. The default receiver can call `claimRoyalties` in `InfernalRiftAbove` with the collection address, the ERC20 token (representing royalty) and their own `_recipient` address.
5. The call is being bridged and the bridgeable token that represents the collection on L2 sends all ERC20 tokens to `_recipient` on L2 (https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/libs/ERC1155Bridgable.sol#L132).

### Impact

The default (or token 0) royalty receiver steals royalties belonging to other receivers.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

The mitigation is non trivial as it would require the L1 to account the royalties accrued in L2 and allow any royalty receiver to claim only specific amount.  