Bald Merlot Millipede

Medium

# `initializeERC721Bridgable()` && `initializeERC1155Bridgable()` function in **moongate/src/InfernalRiftBelow.sol** can be set by anyone due to lack of access control.

### Summary

**InfernalRiftBelow** contract is intended to be deployed on L2 and facilitate token transfer and it uses `initializeERC1155Bridgable()` and `initializeERC721Bridgable()` functions to set implementations for the repective standards.
However this function lacks access control and can be set by anyone as long as `ERC721_BRIDGABLE_IMPLEMENTATION` is`address(0)` and `ERC1155_BRIDGABLE_IMPLEMENTATION` is `address(0)`.
So an attacker would be able to set any arbitrary address and can potentailly introduce backdoors.
This also exposes function to the risk of frontrunning where malicious address can be set before legitimate one.


### Root Cause

Lack of access control in `initializeERC721Bridgable()` && `initializeERC1155Bridgable()`.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/moongate/src/InfernalRiftBelow.sol#L103-L126

### Internal pre-conditions

- `ERC721_BRIDGABLE_IMPLEMENTATION` is `address(0)`
- `ERC1155_BRIDGABLE_IMPLEMENTATION` is `address(0)`

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. `ERC721_BRIDGABLE_IMPLEMENTATION` is`address(0)` and `ERC1155_BRIDGABLE_IMPLEMENTATION` is `address(0)` after **InfernalRiftbelow** contract is deployed.
2. SCENARIO 1: attacker calls `initializeERC721Bridgable()` and `initializeERC1155Bridgable()` before contract owner and this value can no longer be changed.
3. SCENARIO 2: attacker frontruns owners transaction and is able to call above functions before owner.

### Impact

Addresses set by an Attacker can be malicious and implement backdoors into theselibraries and would potentially require redployment.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Implement access control such that only trusted admin can call `initializeERC721Bridgable()` and `initializeERC1155Bridgable()` functions.