Shiny Mint Lion

High

# The AirdropRecipient contract is missing onERC1155Received() and onERC1155BatchReceived() function, which prevents it from receiving ERC1155 token airdrops.

## Summary
The AirdropRecipient contract is missing onERC1155Received() and onERC1155BatchReceived() function, which prevents it from receiving ERC1155 token airdrops.
## Vulnerability Detail
The AirdropRecipient contract is missing the onERC1155Received() and onERC1155BatchReceived() functions. The Locker contract inherits from the AirdropRecipient contract, but Locker also lacks the onERC1155Received() and onERC1155BatchReceived() functions. Since Locker holds all the locked NFTs, it is responsible for claiming airdrops from third-party contracts and then distributing them to the listing users. The AirdropRecipient::requestAirdrop() function further supports this point.
```javascript
function requestAirdrop(address _contract, bytes calldata _payload) public payable onlyOwner nonReentrant returns (bool success_, bytes memory data_) {
        if (msg.value > 0) {
            (success_, data_) = _contract.call{value: msg.value}(_payload);
        } else {
            (success_, data_) = _contract.call(_payload);
        }

        if (!success_) revert ExternalCallFailed();
    }
```
However, since the AirdropRecipient contract is missing the onERC1155Received() and onERC1155BatchReceived() functions, it is impossible to receive ERC1155 token airdrops from third-party contracts. When a third-party contract transfers ERC1155 tokens to the Locker contract, it will inevitably call the onERC1155Received() and onERC1155BatchReceived() functions of Locker.
## Impact
The inability to receive ERC1155 token airdrops results in financial loss.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/utils/AirdropRecipient.sol#L28
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add the onERC1155Received() and onERC1155BatchReceived() functions.