Lucky Cloud Parrot

High

# Loss of royalty payments in `ERC721Bridgable.sol` due to no implementation of receive() function

## Summary
Loss of royalty payments in `ERC721Bridgable.sol` due to no implementation of receive() function

## Vulnerability Detail
`ERC721Bridgable.sol` supports the ERC-2981 NFT Royalty Standard. The royalty receiver is set to `address(this)` i.e `ERC721Bridgable` contract itself in `initialize()` function.

```solidity
    function initialize(
        string memory _name,
        string memory _symbol,
        uint96 _royaltyBps,
        uint256 _REMOTE_CHAIN_ID,
        address _REMOTE_TOKEN
    ) external {
    
    
    
        . . . some code . . .
        
        
        
        // Set this contract to receive marketplace royalty
@>      _setDefaultRoyalty(address(this), _royaltyBps);

        // Prevent this function from being called again
        initialized = true;
    }
```

This means that with any sell of ERC721 NFT, the `ERC721Bridgable.sol` contract would receive the some percent as a royalty payment.

As per [ERC-2981: NFT Royalty Standard](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2981)

> Marketplaces MUST pay the royalty in the same unit of exchange as that of the _salePrice passed to royaltyInfo(). This is equivalent to saying that the _salePrice parameter and the royaltyAmount return value MUST be denominated in the same monetary unit. For example, if the sale price is in ETH, then the royalty payment must also be paid in ETH, and if the sale price is in USDC, then the royalty payment must also be paid in USDC.

It means that, if the ERC721 NFTs of `ERC721Bridgable.sol` is sold and to receive the royalty, `ERC721Bridgable.sol` should support Native tokens i.e it should have implemented `receive()` function. However, receive() is not implemented in `ERC721Bridgable.sol` contract.

`InfernalRiftBelow.sol` is used to handle the transfer of ERC721 and ERC1155 tokens from L2 -> L1 chains. `claimRoyalties()` function from `InfernalRiftBelow.sol` is used to claim the royalties from `ERC721Bridgable` bridgeable contract. Therefore, the native tokens can  not be received in `ERC721Bridgable` contract so native royalty tokens can not be received. 

For example, Marketplace like `Opensea` allows to set royalty token as Native ETH and sends the ETH royalty to royalty receiver address so in this case Native ETH can not be received in ERC721Bridgable contract due to missing receive() function.

## Impact
Whenever the NFT is sold, there will be loss of royalty payment due to non-support of native tokens via receive() function in `ERC721Bridgable.sol` so native royalty can not be claimed via. `InfernalRiftBelow.claimRoyalties()` function so its high severity.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/moongate/src/libs/ERC721Bridgable.sol#L81-L82

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement `receive()` function to receive native royalty amount in ETH.