Large Mauve Parrot

Medium

# Settings a new tax calculator contract might lead to accounting inconsistencies

### Summary

Settings a new tax calculator contract via [Locker::setTaxCalculator()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/Locker.sol#L484) whose `calculateTax()` function is different from the previous one can lead to accounting errors, unwanted reverts and loss of funds.

### Root Cause

When operating on listings (filling, modifying, relisting, etc.) the protocol calculates the amount of taxes **originally** paid for the listing based on the **current value** returned by the current `TaxCalculator` contract, generally via the [Listings::_resolveListingTax()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L918) function. The result is then used to infer the amount to refund to the listing owner and the amount that's going to be kept as fees.

The problem with this is that if the `TaxCalculator` contract is changed via [Locker::setTaxCalculator()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/Locker.sol#L484) the protocol might miscalculate the amounts to refund and to keep as fees, as the taxes calculated by the new tax calculator might be different than when the listing was created. 

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

This can create inconsistencies such as:
1. Listing owners receiving less or more refunds than they should. This can also lead to unwanted reverts as the contract might not have enough tokens to cover refunds.
2. The protocol keeping less or more fees than expected, this can also lead to unwanted reverts as above.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

When creating a listing cache the amount of taxes paid. When the protocol needs to know the amount of taxes paid query the cache amount instead of the tax calculator.