Fancy Emerald Lark

Medium

# Collection token address is prone to collision abuse

## Summary

An attacker can mint infinite tokens even before the collection token deployment. And wait till pool initialization with liquidity to drain that pool.

Go look at the latest issues with similar weak salt issues. [scroll below the comment and go to the bottom](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap-judging/issues/90#issuecomment-1767797993)

## Vulnerability Detail

**Likelihood :**
The feasibility, as well as detailed technique and hardware requirements of finding a collision, are sufficiently described in multiple references:

[1](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap-judging/issues/90): A past issue on Sherlock describing this attack.
[2](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-3607): EIP-3607, which rationale is this exact attack. The EIP is in final state.

The hashrate of the BTC network has reached  6 × 10 ** 20 hashes per second as of time of writing, taking only just  33 minutes to achieve 2^80 hashes. A fraction of this computing power will still easily find a collision in a reasonably short timeline.

**Issue flow:**

1. Since we know the slot already (count of listings created), the attacker even before the BAYC collection token creation will try to predict the deployment address of collection token for BAYC collection
2. Once address is targetted (for example contract address 0xCC), he will deploy  a malicious contract into 0xCC and change the storage of token balance slots to his favor and destroy the deployed malicious contract on 0xCC
3. then create a listing on the next line for BAYC. 
4. seeing this, someone with 10  BAYC will initialize the collection. And provide liquidity to the uni V4 pool
5. Since the balance of collection tokens is already manipulated by user, he will swap all the collection tokens for WETH and drain the pools.



https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/Locker.sol#L311-L314

```solidity
Locker.sol

278:     function createCollection(address _collection, string calldata _name, string calldata _symbol, uint _denomination) public whenNotPaused returns (address) {
 ---- SNIP ----
282:         // Ensure the collection does not already have a listing token
283:         if (address(_collectionToken[_collection]) != address(0)) revert CollectionAlreadyExists();
 ---- SNIP ----
288:         // Deploy our new ERC20 token using Clone. We use the impending ID
289:         // to clone in a deterministic fashion.
290:         ICollectionToken collectionToken_ = ICollectionToken(
291:  >>>        LibClone.cloneDeterministic(tokenImplementation, bytes32(_collectionCount))
292:         );
293:         _collectionToken[_collection] = collectionToken_;
294: 
295:         // Initialise the token with variables
296:         collectionToken_.initialize(_name, _symbol, _denomination);
 ---- SNIP ----

309:     }

```


## Impact
Loss of funds in the uniV4 pool. And having huge computation power is below medium likelihood. So giving it a medium severity.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/Locker.sol#L311-L314


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement salt by hashing the encoded values like, block time, block number, user-supplied custom salt, also the L1 collection address and also the gas left() for more randomness. Or deploy with create1 instead of create2.


