Ripe Zinc Duck

High

# Attacker can front-run `Listings.fillListings()` and steal funds of buyer.

## Summary
`Listings.fillListings()` function has no slippage control on the NFT's price.
Exploiting this vulnerability, attacker can front-run `Listings.fillListings()` function by calling `Listings.modifyListings()` or `Listings.relist()` to increase floorMultiple.

## Vulnerability Detail
The following `Listings.fillListings()` function has no slippage parameter on the NFT's price which is equal to floorMultiple.
```solidity
    function fillListings(FillListingsParams calldata params) public nonReentrant lockerNotPaused {
        --- SKIP ---
    }
```
Exploiting this vulnerability, attacker can front-run `Listings.fillListings()` function call by calling `Listings.modifyListings()` or `Listings.relist()` to increase floorMultiple.

Scenario:
1. `UserA` list a `tokenId0` in the `Listings` with `floorMultiple = 200`.
2. `UserB` calls `Listings.fillListings()` in order to buy `tokenId0` with `floorMultiple = 200`.
3. `UserA` front-runs `UserB`'s tx by calling `Listings.modifyListings()` to increase `floorMultiple` to `1000`.
4. `UserB` pays 5 times more price than expected.

Note:
1. At step 3, It is also possible for `UserC` (who is not owner of `tokenId0`) to front-run `UserB`'s tx by calling `Listings.relist()` to increase `floorMultiple`.
2. `UserB` should approve sufficient amount of `collectionToken` to `Listings` contract before calling `Listings.fillListings()` because `UserB` shouldn't know exactly when his tx will be executed and the NFT's price will be changed by time in the dutch auction.

## Impact
NFT buyer will lose funds by front-run attack.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L528-L607

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add appropriate slippage control to the `Listings.fillListings()` function.