Melodic Pickle Goose

High

# There is no slippage protection when a listing is filled

### Summary

A seller of an NFT can modify their listing last-moment, front-running a legit call to **Listings**#`fillListings()`, bumping up their NFT's `floorMultiple` and thus making the non-suspecting buyer pay up to 10x more for a listing.


### Root Cause

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L485-L607

There is no slippage check in the **Listings**#`fillListings()` function and the buyer has no means of guarding themselves against being charged more than desired for the NFTs they are buying. As giving infinite approvals to platforms is common amongst DeFi users, the chance of this being exploited is High.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. The 'malicious' listing must be liquid, meaning it's duration is > 7 days and < 180 days.
2. The buyer must've given an infinite approval (or have excess approval for the CollectionToken) to the Listings contract.

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

1. A malicious user creates a liquid listing for an NFT, listing it at such a `floorMultiple` that the NFT looks like a deal.
2. An unsuspecting buyer comes in and calls **Listings**#`fillListings()` with the intent to buy the NFT.
3. The seller sees the TX and front-runs it with a call to **Listings**#`modifyListings()` that bumps up the `floorMultiple` of the NFT that's to be bought.
4. As a result when the buyer's `fillListings()` TX executes, they are charged more CollectionTokens than expected and the seller netted a bigger profit.


### Impact

Honest, non-suspecting users of the platform will be harmed in the process and will incur variable slippage when attempting to buy NFTs from malicious sellers.


### PoC

See **Attack Path**.


### Mitigation

In the **IListings** `FillListingParams` struct add an array matrix member (`uint[][] maxFloorMultiples)`) allowing the buyer to specify the maximum `floorMultiple` they are willing to pay for every single listing and in **Listings**#`_fillListing()` accept a `uint256 maxFloorMultiple` parameter against which the current listing's `floorMultiple` is compared and if the latter is greater - revert.
