Crazy Chiffon Spider

High

# Listing operations lack slippage protection which allows for frontrunning and can lead to multiple bad scenarios for the users.

## Summary
The listing operations `relist()`, `reserve()`, and `fillListing()` lack slippage protection, making them vulnerable to malicious frontrunning.

**Disclaimer**: This issue occurs in multiple locations, but the fix is identical across all instances. According to Sherlock's rules for duplicate groupings, this should be reported and treated as a single issue ([docs reference](https://docs.sherlock.xyz/audits/judging/judging#ix.-duplication-rules)). 

## Vulnerability Detail
The issue arises because there is no specified maximum amount of `CT` that the user is willing to pay. As a result, users can be frontrun and end up paying more `CT` than intended. The above-mentioned functions lack any slippage protection – [Listings.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L22-L1023).

## Impact

Example scenarios:
- When calling `relist()`, we are required to pay the overhead above the floor price. For instance, with a `floorMultiplier` of 1.5x, we must pay 0.5x more and list the item at the new price. However, the owner of the listing can frontrun the transaction by calling `modifyListing()` and increasing the `floorMultiplier`. This forces us to pay more, or potentially list the item at a lower price than the previous listing, depending on how much `CT` we have approved and how greedy the owner is.

- The frontrunning scenario involving `modifyListing()` can also affect `reserve()` and `fillListings()`.

- If someone calls `fillListings()`, an adversary can call `relist()` and arbitrage the price, causing the same scenario to repeat. 

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Note: Owner frontrunning `relist()` with `modifyListing()` won't be fixed by just denying to list at a multiplier lower than the previous one, since the person relisting is always incentivized to list at higher price, and the owner can just melt the gap.

```diff
-    function relist(CreateListing calldata _listing, bool _payTaxWithEscrow) public nonReentrant lockerNotPaused {
+    function relist(CreateListing calldata _listing, bool _payTaxWithEscrow, uint maxListingPriceInCT) public nonReentrant lockerNotPaused {
        Listing memory oldListing = _listings[_collection][_tokenId];

        if (oldListing.owner == msg.sender) revert CallerIsAlreadyOwner();

        (bool isAvailable, uint listingPrice) = getListingPrice(_collection, _tokenId);
        if (!isAvailable) revert ListingNotAvailable();
+       if(listingPrice > maxListingPriceInCT) revert ListingExceedsSlippage();
```

And so on, for all of the affected functions mentioned.

You could include slippage in `FillListingsParams` for fillListings() as well, for individual tokenIds, or possibly totalMaxPrice.
```diff
    struct FillListingsParams {
        address collection;
        uint[][] tokenIdsOut;
+       uint[][] maxPrice;
    }
``` 

