Faithful Plum Robin

Medium

# Lack of any max price protection in reserve operation allows front-running

### Summary

Lack of any check for max listing price protection in the reserve function will cause an unfair price increase for legitimate users as malicious actors will front-run reserve operations with relist calls at higher prices.

### Root Cause

In Listings.sol, the reserve function lacks protection against unexpected price changes between transaction submission and execution. This allows for price manipulation through front-running.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/main/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L720
The reserve function doesn't include any mechanism for the user to specify a maximum acceptable price or to ensure the price hasn't changed since they initiated the transaction:
```solidity
 function reserve(address _collection, uint _tokenId, uint _collateral) public nonReentrant lockerNotPaused {
    // ... (previous code)

    if (listingPrice > listingFloorPrice) {
        unchecked {
            collectionToken.transferFrom(msg.sender, oldListing.owner, listingPrice - listingFloorPrice);
        }
    }

    // ... (rest of the function)
}
```
This vulnerability allows the listing price to be changed (via relist) after a user has submitted their reserve transaction but before it's executed, without any safeguards to protect the user from this change.

This contrasts with fillListings, which is protected by owner-wise input and  checks:
```solidity
function fillListings(FillListingsParams calldata params) public nonReentrant lockerNotPaused {
    // ... (previous code)

    for (uint ownerIndex; ownerIndex < params.tokenIdsOut.length; ++ownerIndex) {
        // ... (loop code)

        owner = _listings[collection][params.tokenIdsOut[ownerIndex][0]].owner;

        for (uint i; i < ownerIndexTokens; ++i) {
            uint tokenId = params.tokenIdsOut[ownerIndex][i];

            if (i != 0 && _listings[collection][tokenId].owner != owner) {
                revert InvalidOwner();
            }

```

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Attacker observes a pending reserve transaction in the mempool.
2. Attacker quickly submits a relist transaction with a higher price and higher gas fee.
3. The relist transaction is processed first, updating the listing price.
4. The original reserve transaction is processed, using the new, higher price.
5. The reserver pays the higher price difference to the attacker (new owner).

### Impact

The legitimate user (reserver) suffers an unexpected price increase. The attacker gains the difference between the new and old listing prices minus the floor price.


### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Implement slippage protection in the reserve function, allowing users to specify a maximum price they're willing to pay or a check that nft is still listed by the original owner.