Mammoth Tawny Gazelle

High

# Relisting can be front-run to steal collection Tokens from other users

## Summary
In flayer users can `relist` NFTs that are already in the pool and not in auction, to allow those with specialized knowledge to profit by repricing mispriced assets in the pool. owners of the original listing can front-run a new relisting to make the user pay more than they should.

## Vulnerability Detail
When listings are created `floorMultiple` and duration are specified among other things, to characterize the listing based on protocol specifications. 
In this exploit; 
1. user A(malicious user) calls createListing, locks NFT and receives fTokens with a floor multiple of 150( to 2d.p) 1.5x, which make the total listing price 1.5ftokens, but they receive 1ftoken during creation so the balance is just 0.5 which the `relister` would have to send based on the code below

```solidity
// If the floor multiple of the original listings is different, then this needs
// to be paid to the original owner of the listing.
        uint listingFloorPrice = 1 ether * 10 ** collectionToken.denomination();
        if (listingPrice > listingFloorPrice) {
            unchecked {
                collectionToken.transferFrom(msg.sender, oldListing.owner, listingPrice - listingFloorPrice); //@audit <= here
            }
        }
```

2. user B(Alice) calls relist with the intention of listing the token for 1.8x planning to pay the disparity (1.5 - 1.0) = 0.5fTokens to user B, as shown  in the contract above

3. user A(Malicious user) front-runs user B's call by calling modifyListing to increase the floorMultiple to say 5x. just before they can relist.

4. User B ends up paying (5.0 -1.0) = 4.0fTokens to userA instead, because there is no `maxPriceDifference` variable where user B specifies the maximum amount they are willing to pay to original owner during relisting, the tokens are deducted from their balance and sent to user A in the code snippet.


## Impact
Users can basically have all their collectionTokens drained for malicious user's profit, through front-running.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-flayer/blob/0ec252cf9ef0f3470191dcf8318f6835f5ef688c/flayer/src/contracts/Listings.sol#L655-L658

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a variable/parameter where users can specify the maximum amount they are willing to pay to original owner during relisting, as this price should be fixed.